Added docs for WSL2 regarding clipboard and directories (#168)
LunarVim/lunarvim.org: docs/01-installing.md

```
mirror.ghproxy.com github.com
mirror.ghproxy.com raw.githubusercontent.com
```
## Tips for WSL 2 users

While using LunarVim within WSL2, there are a few things one should be aware off:

> 1. Do not use LunarVm within the Windows directory(`/mnt/c`). This may cause the opening of the file to be much slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Avoid using LunarVm within the Windows directory, e.g. `/mnt/c`, due to filesystem performance issues, see [WSL#4197](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4197).
```

> 2. Some WSL2 users have experienced that sourcing the clipboard may be slow. A workaround for that is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Some WSL2 users have experienced that sourcing the clipboard may be slow. A workaround for that is calling a clipboard manager from the Windows side. Neovim tries using [win32yank.exe](https://github.com/equalsraf/win32yank) if it's available. so install it and set the value of `clipboard` explicitly:
```
